changed kubernetes setup doc (#646)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: docs/setup/kubernetes.md

# Kubernetes

HedgeDoc currently does not support any deployment via Kubernetes.

> We would love help with that, so if you want to write this, please feel free to chat us up on [Matrix](https://chat.hedgedoc.org/), so we can provide you with a repo.

Reviewer: Well. I don't know. I would write something like.

```suggestion
If you want to help us creating a helm chart, then feel free to contact us on [Matrix](https://chat.hedgedoc.org/) or [Discourse](https://community.hedgedoc.org/).
```

> ~~To install use `helm install stable/hackmd`.~~

Reviewer 2: I would completely remove these lines.
Why should we first write "we don't support Kubernetes" and then mention a helm chart for a different project?

Author: I was not to sure if we want to remove it, so I opted to just strike through the old kubernetes documentation. But I'm more than willing to throw it out all together.

Reviewer: In this case I would only remove the last line.

Author: I think this would yield more confusion than be helpful

Reviewer: Why?.. `We don't support kubernetes. If you want to help us then contact us.` Why should that be confusing?

Author: the file has three lines and I guess you just saw the one I added and `
~~To install use 'helm install stable/hackmd'.~~`. But yes remove all the old documentation seems reasonable. Let me do that.
